Emit workflowName on per-step events to drop a backend run lookup (#2511)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/outcome-event-workflowname.md

---
'@workflow/world': patch
'@workflow/core': patch
---

> Emit `workflowName` on per-step events (`step_created`, `step_completed`, and lazy-start `step_started`) so the Vercel backend can build payload ref keys without an extra run lookup on each step, reducing inter-step latency.

Author: ### 
```suggestion
Emit `workflowName` on per-step events (`step_created`, `step_completed`, and lazy-start `step_started`) so Worlds can access it without additional queries
```
